New Docs Website! (#8940)
hashicorp/packer: website/README.md

# Packer Website

[![Netlify Status](https://img.shields.io/netlify/f7fa8963-0022-4a0e-9ccf-f5385355906b?style=flat-square)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/packer-docs-platform/deploys)

This subdirectory contains the entire source for the [Packer Website](https://packer.io/). This is a [NextJS](https://nextjs.org/) project, which builds a static site from these source files.

## Contributions Welcome!

If you find a typo or you feel like you can improve the HTML, CSS, or JavaScript, we welcome contributions. Feel free to open issues or pull requests like any normal GitHub project, and we'll merge it in 🚀

## Running the Site Locally

> The website can be run locally through node.js or Docker. If you choose to run through Docker, everything will be a little bit slower due to the additional overhead, so for frequent contributors it may be worth it to use node. Also if you are a vim user, it's also worth noting that vim's swapfile usage can cause issues for the live reload functionality. In order to avoid these issues, make sure you have run `:set backupcopy=yes` within vim.

Reviewer: Super nice :D

- `title` `(string)` - This is the title of the page that will be set in the HTML title.
- `description` `(string)` - This is a description of the page that will be set in the HTML description.

> ⚠️Since `api` is a reserved directory within NextJS, all `/api/**` pages are listed under the `/pages/api-docs` path.

### Editing Sidebars

The structure of the sidebars are controlled by files in the [`/data` directory](data).

- Edit [this file](data/docs-navigation.js) to change the **docs** sidebar
- Edit [this file](data/api-navigation.js) to change the **api docs** sidebar

To nest sidebar items, you'll want to add a new `category` key/value accompanied by the appropriate embedded `content` values.

- `category` values will be **directory names** within the `pages` directory
- `content` values will be **file names** within their appropriately nested directory.

### Creating New Pages

There is currently a small bug with new page creation - if you create a new page and link it up via subnav data while the server is running, it will report an error saying the page was not found. This can be resolved by restarting the server.

### Changing the Release Version

> To change the version of Packer displayed for download on the website, head over to `data/version.js` and change the number there. It's important to note that the version number must match a version that has been released and is live on `releases.hashicorp.com` -- if it does not, the website will be unable to fetch links to the binaries and will not compile. So this version number should be changed _only after a release_.

Reviewer: Question:

> the website will be unable to fetch links

Does this mean that the binaries are stored 'in the website' ? Or more broadly: why the fetch ?

Author: Nope, the binaries are stored in `releases.hashicorp.com` -- we fetch from this API in order to get links to the binaries. For example, for the latest version of packer, we hit this link:

```
https://releases.hashicorp.com/packer/1.5.4/index.json
```

And from the response, can put together the downloads page. This is not actually a change from the way the website previously worked, just wanted extra clarification in the readme 😀

Reviewer: ( sorry it took so long to reply ) thanks for the explanation; I think it's super nice just like this 🙂. For extra clarity I would may be just precise :

```suggestion
To change the version of Packer displayed for download on the website, head over to `data/version.js` and change the number there. It's important to note that the version number must match a version that has been released and is live on `releases.hashicorp.com` -- if it does not, the website won't be able to compile as the build step validates the existence of the binaries. So this version number should be changed _only after a release_.
```
